Make dotnet CLI issue more visible in the docs (#2128)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation: docs/README.md

## Get started

> ⚠️ Currently, instrumenting [`self-contained`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/deploying/#publish-self-contained)
> applications is NOT supported. Note: a `self-contained` applications is
> automatically generated in .NET 7.0 whenever the `dotnet publish` or `dotnet build`
> command was used with a Runtime Identifier (RID) parameter, i.e.: when `-r` or
> `--runtime` was used when running the command.
> 
> ⚠️ The `dotnet` CLI is a `self-contained` application and it is incompatible with
> the automatic instrumentation. Current recommendations to build and launch the
> instrumented application:
> 
> - Do not set the automatic instrumentation environment variables in the same session
> used to run the `dotnet` tool.
> - Do not launch the application to be instrumented using `dotnet run` or
> `dotnet <dll>`. Build the application in an isolated shell, without the
> automatic instrumentation environment variables set and use a separate
> session, with the automatic instrumentation variables, to directly launch
> the executable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Considerations on scope

Currently, instrumenting [`self-contained`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/deploying/#publish-self-contained)
applications is not supported. Note that a `self-contained` applications is
automatically generated in .NET 7.0 whenever the `dotnet publish` or `dotnet build`
command is used with a Runtime Identifier (RID) parameter, for example when `-r` or
`--runtime` is used when running the command. The `dotnet` CLI is a `self-contained` application and it's incompatible with automatic instrumentation.

To build and launch an instrumented application, take the following into account:

- Don't set the automatic instrumentation environment variables in the same session
used to run the `dotnet` tool.
- Don't launch the application to be instrumented using `dotnet run` or
`dotnet <dll>`. Build the application in an isolated shell, without the
automatic instrumentation environment variables set, and use a separate
session with the automatic instrumentation variables to directly launch
the executable.
```
